What is the box model?
- Model of website layout where every element is inside of a box with margin, padding, border, and content

What is the difference between margin and padding?
-Margin will set the total amount that surrounds an object before another object can be put next to it. If margin is at 100px, it
isn't until we get to that 100pixels that we can drop another element next to it. Padding is the amount of room surrounding the content that separates 
it from it's container. If inside a div, 50px will have 50px from the content of the div from the container box

What is collapsing margin?
Where margin will combine in siblings top and bottom. 3 divs in a row with a margin of 50px, the middle div will share the 50px with the top and
bottom div instead of having 100px between the items

What is the purpose of the box-sizing CSS property?
box-sizing property allows us to control the element size easier, whereas content-box will show an 'infinite' width on the webpage as it is a 
big block.

What does the outline property do?
Outline will create a border - used a lot on hover, that will not take up any space or displace any other elements. If you had a big
enough outline, it could cover the entire webpage, whereas if you only used the border, it displaces other elements as it grows.

How do you add a background image in CSS?
background-image: url('URL goes here')

Given a div with a width of 200px, margin of 20px and padding of 20px, what is the calculated width by the browser?
The calculated width should be 200px for the 'content' and adds 20px to left AND right, which brings us to 240 and the distance between the content
and the element container adds 20px left and right of padding which brings us to 280px total. Apparently margin doesn't factor into this
and the answer stops at 240px. 

Given a div with a height of 100px, border of 10px and padding of 20px, what is the calculated height by the browser?
10px is factored into the total height, so 100 + 10 (top) + 10 (bottom)+ 20(top) + 20)bottom =  160px should be the answer. 


What does margin:auto do?
margin: auto is usually used to help center an element. It moves on the screen automatically as the browser resizes. Usually used with a 0 and auto
which ensures that the top and bottom remain the same while left and route is automatically resized. 